RR docs (#3538)
TouK/nussknacker: docs/scenarios_authoring/BasicNodes.md

- period - specifies how often events will be sent
- count - specifies number of event that will be sent at every `period`
- value - specifies data that event will hold

## Collect

![collect](img/collect.png)

**(Request-response only)**

`collect` collects values from nodes which executed multiple times (e.g. for-each subsequent nodes) and stores them in a list.

**Collect** takes one argument:

> - Input expression - expression which will be collected from all nodes invocations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Input expression - expression which will be collected from all invocations of this for a given request.
```
